Show example on how to run a single PHPUNIT test (#360)
Gizra/drupal-starter: README.md

For testing we use [Drupal Test Traits](https://medium.com/massgovdigital/introducing-drupal-test-traits-9fe09e84384c) (DTT), as it allows a very fast and convinent way of testing existing installation profiles.
See the [example](https://github.com/Gizra/drupal8-starter/blob/master/web/modules/custom/server_general/tests/src/ExistingSite/ServerGeneralExampleTest.php) test.

    # Run all tests
    ddev phpunit

>     
>     # Run a single test file
>     ddev phpunit --filter ServerGeneralHomepageTest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
    # Run a single test file.
    ddev phpunit path/of/FileToTest.php

    # Run a single method from a test file.
    ddev phpunit --filter testMethod path/of/FileToTest.php
```

Author: Thanks. I actually prefer to keep it with a real example (i.e. the `ServerGeneralHomepageTest`). I'll add a real example for a `testMethod` as well
